Every shop that installs our application, can choose some options that will define and differentiate the way the shop's products will be mapped in the XML form. One shop can have many options and one option can belong to many shops (many-to-many relationship).

#### Custom Behaviours that we would like to implement through these options (or through tags included in each product)

- Delivery time - "diathesimotita": Depending on the value of this option, this value will be inserted in the availability tag of the XML product (example: "Delivery in 5 days", "Delivery up to 30 days" etc.). If we make the customer choose one value for this option through our database options table, then every product will have the same availability. If we instead make this through the product's diathesimotita/delivery tag, then it will be dynamic and different depending on the product, but then the shop owner will be forced to include such a tag in every product.
(Maybe we could combine these two methods: if there are tags with diathesimotita, create the availability tag through it, otherwise use a default value selected from the options table)
- Custom domain: instead of including the stndard myshopify domain in the URLs of products, use a custom one. Should probably be done through tags.
- Separate variants: It's possible that a shop owner is not using the standard Shopify variant system (where every product has a variant for each of its possible combinations through sizes, colors, materials and other variant options). In this case, every product in the shop is a variant on its own. For example, instead of having a product called "Woman's Blouse" and have its variants be combinations of different colors and sizes (e.g. "Woman's Blouse Medium Pink"), the shop owner decides to record each variant independently ("Woman's Blouse Medium Pink" is a product with just one default 'title' Shopify variant, the same for "Woman's Blouse Large Black" etc.). For this option, there probably has to be a separate_variants option in the options table that alters the way products are parsed (ignoring variants and focusing on each product entirely).